The adventure companies in [[Turnbuckle Town]] are extremely profitable and highly competitive organizations offering a wide varied of Curated Adventures or [[CAd]]s for short. While many have existed in the nearly 100 years of commercialized adventuring in [[Turnbuckle Town]] only three now remain: [[AD Venture]], [[Dungeon Disasters LLC]], and [[Goblin Games]]. 

Each adventure company is known for a different style of adventure or for offering adventures at different price points. Generally speaking, [[AD Venture]] offers the most well curated and expensive adventures whereas [[Dungeon Disasters LLC]] meets adventurers at a more modest price point for slightly more on-the-nose plot lines. [[Goblin Games]] is by far the cheapest option and most dangerous. Their organization has a history of adventures gone awry where hold parties have been TPK'ed. For some, the possibility of a [[CAd]] going wrong offers the excitement of a real adventure, these incidents have largely hurt [[Goblin Games]]'s reputation. 

Prices for the [[CAd]]s vary greatly with the cheapest being around 50gp for basic level 1 adventure to some custom high level adventures, with custom magic items, coming in at millions of GP. Cheaper adventures might only take a few hours and could be run just outside [[Turnbuckle Town]] in the various adventure company land holdings, or in [[The MacColough Family Thunder Dome]]. More expensive adventures usually require the a high level wizard or sorcerer to use either [[Teleport]] or a [[Teleportation Circle]] to transport the players to the adventure location. 

A key feature of the [[CAd]] industry is [[Questings]] which occur every four years and are a invite only series of adventures that aim to award the [[Crown of Valinthor]] to the winning adventurer or adventure team. This event is a huge marketing spectacle with millions of GP being brought to local economies. 

All [[CAd]] Companies are required, by law to perform an [[Adventurer Assessment]] before any adventurer enters a [[CAd]]